PatternedMeshGenerator boundary stitching patch (#23326)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/meshgenerators/PatternedMeshGenerator.md

The `PatternedMeshGenerator` object is similar to [TiledMeshGenerator](/TiledMeshGenerator.md). However, it is restricted to two dimensions and
adds the ability to create a tile pattern from an arbitrary number of input meshes.

!alert note

> The MeshGenerators provided in inputs are no longer required to have the same boundary ids for a given boundary.

Author: Correct. I will update for clarity.

> Boundary ids for all input MeshGenerators are temporarily renamed to a common unused set of ids. The resulting PatternedMeshGenerator has boundary ids that are the same as the first entry of the inputs parameter.

Reviewer: The inputs aren't modified, re: temporarily

> In this case, boundary ids for all (cloned) input MeshGenerators are renamed to a common unused set of ids. The resulting PatternedMeshGenerator has boundary ids that are the same as the first entry of the passed inputs parameter.

Author: I know what you are trying to say, but I do not think this wording is correct from all interpretations. Each of the meshes in the grid is technically a clone inside PatterendMeshGenerator::generate (see [here](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/blob/2509317e71abacfdea1b50465f28a7ca62170326/framework/src/meshgenerators/PatternedMeshGenerator.C#L120)). In the case that these meshes do not have common boundary ids, the boundary ids of these clones are renamed once to common, previously unused boundary ids, not to the boundary ids of the top left mesh (see [here](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/blob/2509317e71abacfdea1b50465f28a7ca62170326/framework/src/meshgenerators/PatternedMeshGenerator.C#L162-L182)).  It is only the stitched-together mesh (that is returned) that has the boundary ids of the original, top left mesh (see [here)](https://github.com/idaholab/moose/blob/2509317e71abacfdea1b50465f28a7ca62170326/framework/src/meshgenerators/PatternedMeshGenerator.C#L245-L251). If you still do not like my use of "The resulting PatternedMeshGenerator has boundary ids..." above, I think "The resulting stitched mesh has boundary ids" would work.

> In this case, boundary ids for all (cloned) input MeshGenerators are renamed to a common unused set of ids. The resulting PatternedMeshGenerator has boundary ids that are the same as the first entry of the passed inputs parameter.

Author: Also, your use of "top left" is fine.

> In this case, boundary ids for all (cloned) input MeshGenerators are renamed to a common unused set of ids. The resulting PatternedMeshGenerator has boundary ids that are the same as the first entry of the passed inputs parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
In this case, boundary ids for all (cloned) input MeshGenerators are renamed to a common unused set of ids. The resulting stitched patterned mesh has boundary ids that are the same as the first entry of the passed inputs parameter (top left mesh in the grid).
```

The `PatternedMeshGenerator` object is similar to [TiledMeshGenerator](/TiledMeshGenerator.md). However, it is restricted to two dimensions and
adds the ability to create a tile pattern from an arbitrary number of input meshes.

!alert note
The MeshGenerators provided in inputs are no longer required to have the same boundary ids for a given boundary name.

> In this case, boundary ids for all (cloned) input MeshGenerators are renamed to a common unused set of ids. The resulting stitched patterned mesh has boundary ids that are the same as the first entry of the passed inputs parameter (top left mesh in the grid).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, boundary ids for all (cloned) input MeshGenerators are first renamed to a common unused set of ids. Them the resulting stitched patterned mesh will be changed again to boundary ids that are the same as the first entry of the passed inputs parameter (top left mesh in the grid).
```
Last sentence does not work
See our input
```
    inputs = 'fmg fmg2'
    pattern = '1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ;
               0 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 ;
               0 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 0 ;
               0 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 1 0 ;
               0 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 0 ;
               0 1 0 0 0 1 1 1 1 0 0 0 1 0 ;
               0 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 ;
               0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 ;
               0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 ;
               0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 ;
               0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 ;
               0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0'
```

first input and top-left pattern could be not the same

!alert note

> Although best efforts have been made to ensure that the PatternedMeshGenerator fails with a descriptive error message when provided with invalid or ambiguous input, there are some expections that will result in silent failure (the input meshes are stitched together incorrectly and the program continues to run). If this occurs, this issue is likely that one of the left/right/top/bottom_boundary input parameters is set to an incorrect value (i.e., left_boundary = 'right', when the 'right' boundary does not have outward normal (-1, 0, 0)). Check for mistakes like these when troubleshooting errors. Additionally, it should be confirmed that the values of the left/right/top/bottom_boundary parameters are correct for EVERY mesh provided in the 'inputs' parameter (i.e., each mesh in 'inputs' should have the same boundary labels and locations).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although best efforts have been made to ensure that the PatternedMeshGenerator fails with a descriptive error message when provided with invalid or ambiguous input, there are some expections that will result in silent failure (the input meshes are stitched together incorrectly and the program continues to run). If this occurs, this issue is likely that one of the left/right/top/bottom_boundary input parameters is set to an incorrect value (i.e., left_boundary = 'right', when the 'right' boundary does not have outward normal (-1, 0, 0)). Check for mistakes like these when troubleshooting errors. Additionally, it should be confirmed that the values of the left/right/top/bottom_boundary parameters are correct for EVERY mesh provided in the 'inputs' parameter (i.e., each mesh in 'inputs' should have the same boundary name, ids may differ, and locations).
```
